How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	'diff' gives all the differences between the two files. Since the code was working before, thus it was
	most likely that an erroneous change to the content was the bug - which was found by combing the 
	hanges for the same.



How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	Can easily revert to a previous working version	whenever needed
	Find typos easily



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Pros:	Each commit can correspond to a logical change/purpose to the content
			Ability to set commits on appropriately sized changes (Not too much or too less)
			Control on the total number of versions created

	Cons:	Can forget to make commits


	
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Git is designed for implementing version control for software projects, which consist of multiple
	related files. As a consequence, a logical change to the 'project' may involve changes to more than one
	file - Which should be bunched together as part of a single commit.

	Google Docs generally works on mutually independant files.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log gives the log of commits (and changes per commit can be obtained from using --stat flag)

	git diff gives the differences between two commits



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	Because it's assured that a working version is saved, which one can easily revert back to incase anything breaks while working on the new commit.



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	Basically how working on a Git repository differs from working on a regular directory of the same
	content.
	

